Add user engagement as criteria for promoting installability (#34335)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/progressive_web_apps/guides/making_pwas_installable/index.md

For a web app to be installable, it must be served in a [secure context](/en-US/docs/Web/Progressive_web_apps). This usually means that it must be served over HTTPS. Local resources, such as localhost, `127.0.0.1` and `file://` are also considered secure.

### User engagement

> Chromium-based browsers such as Chrome and Edge can actively prompt the user to install a PWA if a user engagement criteria has been met. Specifically, having clicked or tapped on the website at least once, and having spent at least 30 seconds viewing the page (at any points in time). See [this guide](https://web.dev/articles/install-criteria) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chromium-based browsers such as Chrome and Edge can will only display an install prompt if the user has clicked or tapped on the website at least once, and has spent at least 30 seconds viewing the page (at any points in time).

See [What does it take to be installable?](https://web.dev/articles/install-criteria) on [web.dev](https://web.dev) for more information.
```

## Installation from the web

> When a supporting browser determines that a web app meets the installability criteria described earlier, it will promote the app to the user for installation by displaying an install button somewhere in the browser UI. Chromium-based browsers such as Chrome and Edge can also display an install prompt if the user has clicked or tapped on the website at least once, and has spent at least 30 seconds viewing the page (at any points in time). See [What does it take to be installable?](https://web.dev/articles/install-criteria) on [web.dev](https://web.dev) for more information. This means you can distribute your PWA as a website, making it discoverable through web search, and also distribute it in app stores, so users can find it there.

Reviewer 2: FWIW

> This means you can distribute your PWA as a website, making it discoverable through web search, and also distribute it in app stores, so users can find it there.

The "This means" does  not seem connected to the first part of the sentence - i.e. we've said that user is prompted to install after viewing the page for 30s (and so on) and now they can discover it in web stores and distribute it etc. Where's the connection?

Consider also highlighting the difference with normal sites, that don't promote. If you don't do it here, I'll try in https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/34336

Reviewer: Yes, I don't like the way this is spliced into the paragraph. But as noted in https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/34335#issuecomment-2187499979, I can't even repro this requirement.

Reviewer 2: You mean the requirement for a 30s wait?

Either way, what needs to happen here is a separate para about how to make something distributable in web stores, and what makes it discoverable (in particular).

Reviewer: > You mean the requirement for a 30s wait?

Any of it. If I visit  https://wbamberg.github.io/minimal-pwa in a brand-new Chrome, that's never seen the page before, I see the "Install" button right away.
